Close #3: Create README with action status badge and reference to paper with algorithm description (#8)
Helga-Helga/spam-of: README.md

Shortest Path Adaptive Minorant (SPAM) algorithm for optical flow
=================================================================
![Rust](https://github.com/Helga-Helga/spam-of/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)

This library is a work in progress.

## References

> [Tourani, Siddharth and Shekhovtsov, Alexander and Rother, Carsten and Savchynskyy, Bogdan. (2020). Taxonomy of Dual Block-Coordinate Ascent Methods for Discrete Energy Minimization](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/340683720_Taxonomy_of_Dual_Block-Coordinate_Ascent_Methods_for_Discrete_Energy_Minimization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tourani, Siddharth and Shekhovtsov, Alexander and Rother, Carsten and Savchynskyy, Bogdan
[Taxonomy of Dual Block-Coordinate Ascent Methods for Discrete Energy Minimization](
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.07715.pdf) (2020)
```
I guess it's better to have a direct PDF link to arχiv and don't put authors' names into the hyperreference.
